LICENCE

This is Quill and Parchment, a what-you-see-is-what-you-need document editor

   Copyright (C) 2008-2010 Operational Dynamics Consulting Pty Ltd, and Others
   See AUTHORS file for contributors.

1) Quill and Parchment source code and documentation
----------------------------------------------------

Quill and Parchment is Logiciel Libre and is Open Source; you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version
2 ("GPL"), with the exception that external third party libraries used by
Quill and Parchment do not need to be licenced under GPL so long as they are
redistributable under an Open Source licence.

Quill and Parchment is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GPL for more details. In particular,
note that if you use this and loose your data, you're on your own.

Of course, if you find a bug, please let us know. And, if you fix anything or
improve the code please contribute your changes back - that's the whole idea
of Open Source. See BUGS and HACKING files for details.

You should have a copy of the GPL somewhere on your system. If you don't, see
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html or write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA.

2) prerequisites and dependencies
---------------------------------

Quill and Parchment depends on a number of external libraries. They are either
provided by your operating system distribution or, in some cases, may be
shipped alongside the Quill and Parchment sources in the lib/ subdirectory.
That code is open source (or we couldn't have redistributed it), but note that
third party sources are made available under the terms specified by their
authors and as documented in the individual licences within those files, as
noted below and in lib/*/README.

3) trademarks and acknowledgments
---------------------------------

Java is a trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc

